Vault 46599/add missing issuer external id docs (#2787)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/api-docs/secret/identity/entity.mdx

- `id` `(string: <optional>)` - ID of the entity. If set, updates the
  corresponding existing entity.

- `external_id` `(string: <optional>)` – External identifier for the entity from
  an external identity provider, such as one provisioned through SCIM. If it

>   matches an existing entity, Vault updates that entity instead of creating one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  an external identity provider, such as one provisioned through SCIM. If the
  provided ID matches an existing entity, Vault updates the matching entity
  instead of creating one.
```
Style correction: avoid pronouns when possible
